### Students GraphQL API

A simple API to expose students information via GraphQL queries using mongo as a the back data-store. Picking mongo as 
the data-store can be highly questionable, however the [latest](https://jepsen.io/analyses/mongodb-3-6-4) Jepsen tests
shows the opposite.

The decision for deploying to AWS was completely driven by the fact that I get AWS credits every month. However, a good
and fun exercise can be modularizing the code and go 100% serverless. This could have been achieved by deploying Google
Functions (GCP) or Lambda functions (AWS). The interesting part (it was actually a suggestion of the code challenge)
would be mapping the gRCP services to Google Functions. In this regard AWS is not as mature as GCP and you still can't
map a Lambda function against a gRCP service, otherwise my architecture would have been the following:

```
+-------------+     +-------------+     +-------------+
| API Gateway +---->+   Lambda    +---->+    gRCP     |
+-------------+     +-------------+     +-------------+
```

As side note, I would like to mention that I wouldn't have use a JVM language to build a graphql API, I probably would
have picked elixir and because their amazing graphql support.

#### Requirements

##### Software
* Java 1.8
* Scala 2.12

##### Hardware
* An AWS account with a user that has an API key with the correct set of policies, or an IAM role with the correct
permissions attached to the account. Its beyond the scope of this exercise to set those AWS users or IAM roles, so I
will just assume that you have one or the other.

### Before we start
Please add to your ```/etc/hosts``` file the following entries:

```
...
127.0.0.1 mongodb
127.0.0.1 graphql-api
...
```

#### Building (No tests)
This command will generate the fat jar ready to be packaged within a ```docker``` container.

```shell script
./gradlew clean build -x test
```

#### Local Testing
In the spirit of just adding tests that have value, we only have integrations tests (no mocks)! So the first thing to do 
is to launch all the containers we need (graphql API and mongodb). From the root folder of the project issue the
following command:

```shell script
./bin/build-and-start-containers.sh
```

and proceed issuing the following command to run the integrations tests:

```shell script
./gradlew test
```

##### Verify the API is up an running
Execute the following to command to verify the API is running:

```shell script
docker-compose logs -f graphql-api
```

and you should see a log message like the following:

```
graphql-api    | 02:32:07.181 [main] INFO com.otus.codechallenge.akka.Server$ - Akka routes initialized!
```

##### Verify GraphQL API
You can find good examples of graphql queries in ```ServerScpec.scala```, however here are a couple of ```curl```
commands that you might want to try:

```shell script
curl -X POST \
  -H "Content-Type: application/graphql" \
  http://graphql-api:8080/graphql \
  -d 'query FindByFirstNameAndLastName {
        SearchStudentDetails(firstName: "Samantha") {
          firstName
          lastName
          gpa
        }
      }'
```

```shell script
curl -X POST \
  -H "Content-Type: application/graphql" \
  http://graphql-api:8080/graphql \
  -d 'query FindByFirstNameAndLastName {
        SearchStudentDetails(lastName: "Smith") {
          firstName
          lastName
          gpa
          studentClasses {
            id
            name
            grade
          }
        }
      }'
```

##### Verify API Docs
If the API is going to be accesses by a front end application you might be interested in sharing the graphql schema,
you can get access the API documentation using the following endpoint:

```shell script
curl -X GET -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
http://graphql-api:8080/api-docs
```

#### Tracing
Currently unsupported

#### Publish docker Images (Docker hub)
Execute the following script to tag and publish the graphql API the and pre-seeded mongodb docker images:

```shell script
./bin/push-docker-images.sh
```

    Note: Please change the script in order to match it to your docker hub user

#### Start EKS cluster
```shell script
./bin/start-eks-cluster.sh
```

#### Deploy to EKS
Run the following command to deploy the mongodb and graphql API docker images:
```shell script
./bin/apply-manifests.sh
```

#### Stop EKS cluster
```shell script
./bin/stop-eks-cluster.sh
```