### Question 3 - 30/60/90 Plan

#### 30 Days (sprint 1 and 2)
Ideally when I join a new team/company, the first thing that I try to do is tackle as many tickets as possible to
familiarize myself with the technology stack and the team's dynamics. Experience has shown me that people that join a
new team and want to re-architect everything during the first days tend to fail (the syndrome of the new guy). I
believe this has to do with the fact that when you are just hired, it is hard for people to trust you when they barely
have worked with you. With that being said, it's important for me that the team trust my judgment and suggestions not
because somebody told them to do so, but because of my work. I believe that the best way to accomplish that is by
contributing to the code base right away and participating as much as possible in PR's.
Besides getting familiar with the code base and technology stack, I also think it is essential to be familiar with the
processes that are already in place, from building to deployment and identify the pain points that we might have in our
SDLC.
Once that trust between the team and I have been established, and with a good understanding of the processes in place,
it is time to start encouraging team members to follow best practices when it comes to build and ship code to
production. This period would also be very important for me to identify if there is a technology that I am not familiar
with and become comfortable with it, two sprints seem reasonable for that.

#### 60 Days (sprint 3 and 4)
After gaining the trust of my team, the next step for me would be to gain the trust of the stakeholders. In my opinion,
the best way of doing this is by increasing the team's productivity by increasing the number of points we deliver during
a given sprint and having more frequent successful production deployments. I consider this period the best for starting
to implement small changes that will help us to improve the quality of our code. It might be difficult at the beginning
if not all the best practices are in place, but by this point, I am confident that I would have gained the trust of
my team and getting them on board with these new practices should not be difficult. An excellent example of this type of
change that comes to my mind could be making sure all the tests are run on our CI/CD server before a merge to master
happens.
Finally, during this time, I would like to attend as many architectural and product meetings as possible, become
familiar with the different set of products that we offer and understand them. During this time, I also usually like to
explore what similar companies have to offer and learn from them. This exercise will set me up for later start proposing
and implementing significant architectural enhancements that we might need.

#### 90 Days (sprint 5 and 6)
At this point, I should have gained the trust of my team and stakeholder and have good domain knowledge, meaning be
familiar with the different components of our architecture and the different processes that are in place. That in
combination with the skill-sets that I have should be enough to help me start proposing architectural and process
changes, that could potentially help us mitigate our pain points. I previously mentioned that having the trust of the
stakeholders was important for me and the reason is if that trust is not there, it is challenging to get stakeholders on
board with new ideas that could help the company. Since the implementers of the proposed changes are going to be my team
and myself, that trust should also exist before I start proposing major architectural changes. 
During my career, I've seen projects that failed even though the idea was good, however the team executing it was not
convinced of it. In my opinion, the output would have been entirely different if the team implementing the idea was on
board with it from the beginning.
